Vault 27392 log ldap warning - remove from warning from response (#29134)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/29134.txt

```release-note:change

> auth/ldap: No longer return authentication warnings to client. Some debug logs are now logged at the warning log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth/ldap: No longer return authentication warnings to client.
```

> LDAP auth method no longer returns authentication warnings to client. LDAP auth warnings are logged at the warning log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth/ldap: No longer return authentication warnings to client. Some debug logs are now logged at the warning log level.
```
